Jaybird Inn
But I love how crispy they
fry up all the salmon here!
Ryu-chan!
And I really like their rolled omelets.
Nothing beats the unlimited
refills on the rice!
I heard that Karasuno won.
Congrats!
Th-Thanks.
Um...
So...
Let's both do our best tomorrow!
Okay, see you later!
Yeah...
You've definitely got a chance.
Haikyu!!
J
a
y
b
i
r
d
I
n
Episode 16: Broken Heart
Man, no fair.
Tanaka's finally got himself a cute girlfriend.
Wh-Why would you say that?!
Is having a chance the issue here?!
You're not supposed to go for someone
you don't have a chance with?!
Wait, what?
Someone you don't have a chance with?
You mean Shimizu-senpai?
I-I mean, am I just supposed to go
for them because there's a chance?
Yeah, I get it! I really do!
Heavy Mental
Having a bunch of pretty ladies say,
"Let's play beach volleyball together!
Whoops! I dove right into you!"
Yes, please!
Of course, I want a beautiful
girl my age to cheer me on, too!
But that's different!
Something tells me this is different!
Yeah, we know that's how you are.
We knew it from the day you joined...
Fire Hydrant Storage Box
Wow. I guess he's in the
volleyball club, too.
I'll be sure not to make eye contact.
Ma...
Ma?
Fire Hose Storage Box
Marry me, please!
Marry me, please! Marry me,
please! Marry me, please!
No.
Ah, yes. The first encounter-proposal incident.
That's just how Tanaka is.
Yeah...
I'm getting anxious just
thinking about tomorrow.
I'm gonna go for a walk.
Is he gonna be okay? He's so devoted
that he might turn into a stalker.
Yeah, I don't think he'll go that far.
He's pretty receptive to people's feelings,
so if Shimizu-senpai told him
to stop, he'd probably stop.
Then he'd go off on a journey.
I always think he's an idiot, but in reality,
he's actually sort of amazing.
Being so simple and so devoted like that...
It's probably pretty hard.
Shimada Mart
All right!
Service ace!
Inarizaki                                                                                             Karasuno
Relief server Yamaguchi Tadashi
is living up to his title!
Whoa, they put one over on us!
Quiet down, Atsumu!
Huh?
I'm so sorry!
See? Now look what you've done!
One more time!
Nice receive...
Ow!
Couldn't he see he wouldn't get it
before he hit the wall?
Even if he did,
he couldn't hit it back, could he?
I'm pretty sure the only
thing on his mind was that
the ball hadn't touched the ground yet.
How do I put this? He doesn't have
the luxury of just giving up.
Damn you.
Damn it!
That was powerful! The ball's
in Inarizaki's court!
We need this chance.
Don't let it slip away!
Get the last!
Got—
And that's a block out!
Thanks, Kageyama!
Yup.
You're totally like an ace, Asahi-san!
Thanks!
I mean... He is the ace.
Everyone's totally on their game right now.
Is he allowed to cross over the net like that?
Well, the ball and the player didn't
actually go into Inarizaki's court, so yup.
Where the hell'd you go?
You missed Tadashi in action!
Were you taking a shit?
I was saving my student!
Also, those stairs suck.
Inarizaki High School
Man, I hit it toward their #1! And after
I was told to shoot for their #5 baldy...
Don't worry about it.
Inarizaki                                                                                      Karasuno
Karasuno gets the set point first!
If they miss this chance,
the next server is Miya Atsumu-kun.
I'm pretty sure that Karasuno wants to
seal the deal with this next point.
We still have a chance.
It's on... our side!
And he's shut out!
The one who stopped him is the
middle blocker, Suna Rintaro!
Inarizaki                                                    Karasuno
Nice kill, Rintaro!
Sorry about that. It was a bit short.
Nah, I totally thought I could go for it.
If that were me down there,
I'd be so annoyed that I'd either
be spiking the ball into the
net or out of bounds by now.
He actually realizes this?
Karasuno
Please...
Cut it off right here.
Aim your serves at their #5.
Their #5 hasn't made any great plays today.
If we're gonna drag them down...
Start with their #5.
It's gonna come at me.
Everyone aiming for me is nothing new.
Come at me!
Yeah!
What?!
Am I just, like...
extra lame today?
Nice receive!
All of you, bring in
the blockers, little by little!
To be honest, I'm not great at this, but...
And Sawamura scores from the back!
Yeah!
Nice, nice, Daichi! Push it, push it, Daichi!
Fly
Karasuno managed to limit
Miya Atsumu to one serve!
Not bad.
Nice kill, Daichi-san!
Thanks!
Inarizaki                                                                                      Karasuno
Karasuno is at set point yet again!
Nice!
They're using that quick
they're not used to yet when
their opponents are at set point?
Ha, that's great. Keep it up!
Free ball!
He's fast!
The time it takes them
to complete their blocks...
It's getting shorter.
Damn it!
This ain't enough to break Ryu!
Yes, ma'am!
A C quick.
We're gonna stop it!
I put too much into that one.
Damn it...
What have I even done today?
Left!
Tanaka!
What did I even do?
Three blockers!
You're overreacting... Or maybe not.
Inarizaki's persistent blocking,
compounded with Karasuno's
eagerness to score...
And if the stress of being targeted
causes even a single miss...
It makes you feel like
everything is going wrong.
Haikyu!!
I'm Tanaka Ryunosuke from
Ojitsu Middle School!
Nice to meet ya!
So blond.
Yeah, I definitely feel like
he's got a strong will,
and won't be bowing down to anyone.
Karasuno hasn't been performing
that well lately,
but in my heart, it's a powerhouse.
Kurokawa from Hisa MS, Azumane from Seikodai...
I've heard this school's got some awesome
spikers I've seen in tournaments before.
Ball of Energy
And that Nishinoya's in my class, too.
But, man...
Reality is so dull.
Other people need to use the
gym today, so we're gonna be outside.
Right!
Wait, again?! Why don't we complain?
Hey, this is way better than last year.
And there's plenty we can do outside.
What a bunch of pushovers.
Karasuno                                      Ogi Nishi
Thank you very much!
Thanks!
There weren't as tough as I thought they'd be.
You couldn't even call that practice.
Talk about a disappointment.
I'll go shut their mouths.
How, exactly?
Oh, it's easy.
I'm just gonna go whammo ever so
slightly when no one's looking.
Let it go. It's great that
they're playing us at all.
Not to mention, today was the first day
with our new team, so we were a mess.
You're just gonna let them say that about us?!
Aren't you being a pushover?
Then we just need to win.
I'm not saying it's easy,
but it's that simple.
Better get used to it.
You'll be hearing it a lot.
There are a lot of guys whispering
about us at official matches.
There sure are.
"The Fallen Powerhouse," "The Flightless Crows."
Their eyes definitely aren't smiling.
Up until now,
I treated all my senpais like adults,
even if they were just a year older than me.
But these guys are
a bit different. This is, uh...
These guys are strong.
Let's Go to the
Spring Tournament
Wait, what the heck'd you do?
I, uh, thought I'd reevaluate
my determination and stuff.
Hey, let me touch.
Man, that was lucky!
It sure was.
You owe me some damn pudding.
Not the kind that's sold in three-packs.
Sorry!
Inarizaki                                                    Karasuno
And they're tied yet again!
Can Karasuno make it through this?
Did they do something super bad?
That miss wasn't exactly
isolated. It's more like...
It's proof that the pressure from
Inarizaki's blocking is piling up,
and he's missing.
It's all right, Tanaka! That was a good shot!
Right!
Damn it!
Hey, baldy! Do better!
Now's the time to show your stuff!
It'll be all right. It's Tanaka.
He's pretty tough when it comes to matches,
and out of us second-years,
the only one who stayed in the
club no matter what happened...
was Tanaka.
Come at me!
Come on... You should be getting quiet,
or having a hard time
looking at your teammates.
Got it!
Their setter touched the ball first.
That only leaves Tanaka on the left up front.
That baldy's gonna have a really
hard time if he can't make this.
How do you know it's going to go up to him?
That'd just be a standard play,
and also, uh...
The wing spiker up front
is like the last bastion when
it comes to offense.
I didn't call the toss just now.
I got scared for a second, damn it!
What's lame isn't losing the match...
It's to be scared of the match!
Left!
Azumane-san!
A waterfall ball...
Inarizaki                                                                                      Karasuno
Karasuno is still managing to inch
away from Inarizaki's reach!
Aw, they didn't give the ball to baldy.
Yeah.
Bokuto-san! Get a hold of yourself!
Ryu-chan just keeps getting
blocked left and right.
And I can't say specs was wrong
to try to shake off the bad
rhythm they're stuck in.
But...
Man, that must've sucked for Ryu-chan.
Tanaka-san!
That one from earlier!
When their #10 came right
smack dab in the middle!
You totally moved into that
block and it was super awesome!
Especially because you end up by
yourself a lot as a middle blocker.
When someone comes to your aid,
it's super reassuring!
Wow, that idiot said
something decent for once.
Y-You think so?
Yeah! It was just like one of
Date Tech's blocks! Seriously!
You can try, but...
You're just a single blocker.
Awesome block, Shoyo, Ryu!
Both that airheaded smooth talker and
the guy who'll take compliments are scary.
Nice receive, Daichi!
The rest of you better put your lives
on the line and get that ball over!
I'm pretty sure I'm a normal human being.
Especially when it comes
to my build and abilities.
When I was a kid, I was convinced
that I was a genius.
I might've thought that until
I was in middle school.
Actually, I'm still sorta
convinced that I am.
But I'm probably never going to be 180 cm tall.
I'm confident in my athletic skills,
but on our volleyball team,
I'm not number one in anything
at this point in time.
But that's not enough of a reason
to quit, nor is it an excuse.
Actually, I don't usually
think about this stuff.
But about once every six months,
when my mind just nosedives
into negativity, I end up thinking...
I'm nothing but average.
But still,
my average self...
Do you really have time to look down like that?
Left!
Damn, that blocker's fast...
It's okay.
As long as I keep trying until I can do it...
I can actually do it!
Hell yeah!
Nice kill.
Baldie!
Seriously, what the hell is with that guy?
He's so awesome!
Inarizaki                                                                                              Karasuno
The old contenders swoop
in to take the first set
from the ultimate challengers, Inarizaki!
Who knows where the match
will go from here?
Wow... For a moment there, I really
didn't know what was going to happen.
Tanaka usually makes it through okay.
True!
Am I a freakin' genius?
You sure are, Genius-senpai!
Tsukishima!
You totally ignored me earlier, didn't you?
Huh? Well, I figured that Azumane-san had
a better chance of scoring the point, so...
Did you really have to be that blunt about it?!
Well, you and your insane
mental toughness are scary.
Don't you ever get depressed?
Uh, I was depressed!
When?
Just a second ago! For like a few seconds!
Well, just think about it.
A super-depressed me or
super hype squad me... Which is cooler?
Uh, neither to be honest...
Obviously it's the hype squad, am I right?
Once you fall, the only
way to go is back up!
And I'm telling you, it's not that easy.
Damn, Ryu-chan's not bad!
Wait, was that just luck?
I never liked being called big.
But...
Kanoka, you're awesome!
You can block so high!
But Ryu-chan always genuinely
seemed so envious...
Niiyama Girls'
I was able to genuinely think,
"Wow, maybe I am special."
That it was okay to be proud.
Left!
Ryu-chan's always been
straightforward and honest.
I think...
I really did just have my heart broken.
Episode 17: Cats vs Monkeys
Next time, "Cats vs. Monkeys."